Trad/tools (#47)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/tools/projects.rst

Costs can be attached to projects; the costs of the tickets attached to project's tasks will sum up to these costs.

ITIL objects
~~~~~~~~~~~~

This tab allows to attach to the project GLPI ITIL objects: tickets, problems and changes. It is also possible to create these objects directly from this tab.

.. include:: ../tabs/elements.rst

.. include:: ../tabs/documents.rst

.. include:: ../tabs/contracts.rst

.. include:: ../tabs/notes.rst

.. include:: ../tabs/historical.rst

.. include:: ../tabs/debug.rst

.. include:: ../tabs/all.rst

Project task
------------

Task item is quite similar to a project.

A project task can also be a project sub-task.

.. ??? une tâche de project peut être également une sous tâche de project.

A task is characterized by name, state, type, provisional and real dates, percent done.

Distinct management teams can by composed of users, groups, suppliers and contacts.

.. image:: images/task-details-project.png
   :alt: A task
   :align: center

.. note::
   A project task is not an independent item, it can only be accessed through the `Project tasks` tab of the project owning the task.

Tasks can be attached to tickets in order to plan interventions.

> Provisional and effective duration are also defined for a task, reported at project level together with attached tickets duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Planned and actual duration are also defined for a task, reported at project level together with attached tickets duration.
```
